hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is the 2017 27-inch iMac and this is
their full respect at one it's got the
7700 K and the Radeon Pro 580 and if you
purchased this from Apple from their
website it would be closing it at fifty
three hundred dollars which is
disgusting
now I purchased the eight gig model and
I added my own RAM to get up to 64 so if
you purchase a 27-inch iMac I highly
recommend you do the same because Apple
charges crazy amounts of money for their
ram now just a quick hardware overview
this year the 5k display has been
improved a little bit it's supposed to
get 40 percent brighter you can notice
it in a really bright room but it is
measurable with the spider the drive
speeds are faster this generation
particularly the right speeds now this
is the two terabyte model I'm not sure
if the smaller drives are slower now in
terms of the ports we get for USB a and
a couple of USB see that support
download three is just a wider spread of
ports than the previous generation with
a Thunderbolt 3 port external GPU
connections work really well in Windows
I tried both the Razer core and the
Bizon box 3 those connect without a
hitch but in Mac OS I'm still getting
hiccups now I don't know if I just need
a newer version of Mac OS so High Sierra
is supposed to support external GPUs a
lot better so I'll probably visit that
in the near future the dedicated GPS
this year are the Radeon Pro 500 series
and the one in here is the Radeon Pro
580 which is based on the rx 580 not the
most powerful GPU in the world I mean on
paper it's not too bad it looks like
it's between a GTX 1060 and a 1070 but
that's what I wanted to do test the hard
work to see what it could do for games
and video editing so first I played some
games on Mac OS and the performance is
better than I thought it would be apple
claims that you can get up to 50% better
frame rates compared to the previous
generation and playing some blizzard
games I'm actually getting around 40%
better so that's not bad now blizzard is
a developer that put a ton of effort
into the Mac content but overall pretty
impressed with the gameplay now playing
some steam games I don't have anything
super demanding in my Steam library for
Mac OS but for the curious here's some
data when running at 1440p now if I play
at 5k resolution as expected frame rates
get choppy but let's be real here max
aren't meant for 5k gaming and at 1440p
at this screen size games look really
good
running bootcamp Windows the Radeon Pro
580 actually gets to show off a little
bit more the biggest difference that you
can play overwatch in Windows you still
can't play anything in 5k but whatever
some games have scaling issues because
it's not a standard 16 by 9 screen you
get some black flowers at the top and
bottom nothing too bad and in general
this card does well for gaming and boot
camp very comfortable performance in
1440p for moderately demanding games
heavier games and also poorly optimized
games you'll have to drop quality or run
at 1080p but if you want to play games
on the Radeon Pro 580 you're good to go
now I try to connect my vibe to test out
VR games but I couldn't get it to
connect I'm not sure if it needs drivers
from HTC or if I need to get high sea
air running up on this but yeah I'll
have to revisit that in the future right
now can't get it to connect ok video
editing in Adobe Premiere Pro now this
is where I found the most surprising
results the previous top end iMac with
the m3 95 X was never great in Premiere
but these new Radeon Pro GPUs they're
pretty good the 580 keeps up with the
gtx 1064 4k footage and for 5k footage
from the scarlet w it's actually a
little bit faster and i tested this a
couple times
now let's keep in mind this machine is
stupidly expensive I mean you could
build a PC with a 7700 K and a gtx 1060
for like eight $900 it wouldn't have
this amazing 5k panel but it would be a
lot cheaper it's hard to compare the two
because of this panel the takeaway is
this the Radeon pro 580 in here is a
better card than I thought it would be
it's an Apple iMac and if you build it
like disk configuration it's idiotic
you're still over paying through the
nose if you build a more reasonable
configuration I think for like twenty
five hundred bucks you can get something
that still has this great card and has
good components that's a better value
it's still an apple it's still an iMac
you're overpaying but it's a better
value than Apple I max have been in the
past okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it something you'd
loved it
see you guys next time
you